docs: add a short guide on security. (#2201)
electric-sql/electric: website/docs/guides/deployment.md

Note also that, when running Electric behind a CDN, you may want your proxy in front of the CDN. This is where primitives like [edge functions](/docs/integrations/supabase#sync-into-edge-function) and [edge workers](/docs/integrations/cloudflare#workers) can be very useful.

### Securing data access

> By default, Electric exposes public access to the contents of your database. If you don't want to expose the contents of your database, you need to [lock down access](/docs/guides/security#secure-data-access) to the Electric HTTP API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Electric exposes public access to the contents of your database. You generally don't want to expose the contents of your database, so you need to [lock down access](/docs/guides/security#secure-data-access) to the Electric HTTP API.
```
